meetups/2023/november/README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Meetup with Isovalent, NAV, Sopra Steria and Microsoft

## Presentations

- [Unlocking Next-Gen Networking and Security with Cilium Service Mesh in Kubernetes Environments - Raymond de Jong](./Cloud-Native-Meetup-Oslo--Trondheim-Cilium-Service-Mesh.pdf)
- [insert link here]

## Date and time

29th of November 2023, 17:00 - 19:30

## Location

Sopra Steria AS, Brattørkaia 17A · Trondheim

## Meetup description

### Details

We are excited to invite you to a Meetup with our friends from Isovalent, NAV, Sopra Steria and Microsoft.

This meetup is for anyone interested in Kubernetes and networking security. We will talk about technologies including Kubernetes, Cilium and eBPF.

Mark your calendars, spread the word, and get ready for an unforgettable Meetup. We look forward to seeing you there.

📍 The event will be hosted at Sopra Steria's offices at Brattørkaia

Due to some unforeseen circumstances, we've had to move both of the presentations to be held remotely.

But you're still welcome to come and attend the meetup and watch the presentations with us, eat some pizza and meet like minded people.

And a kind reminder to update your RSVP if you have changed your mind or can no long attend our meetup, so we know how much food and drinks to get.

### 📋 Meetup Agenda

#### 17:00 - 17:30 Doors open: pizza & beer

#### 17:30 - 18:15 Unlocking Next-Gen Networking and Security with Cilium Service Mesh in Kubernetes Environments - Raymond de Jong

This talk dives deep into Cilium Service Mesh, exploring its unique eBPF-based architecture for enhancing networking, observability, and security in Kubernetes clusters. Attendees will gain practical insights into Cilium's capabilities and how to deploy it in production environments.

#### 18:15 - 18:30 Short break

#### 18:30 - 19:00 Enabling 200 teams to make 1.600 deployments to production each week at the NAV - Hans Kristian

In this talk we dig deep on how NAV is enabling their 200 product development teams to deploy continuously and at any time of the week to production to enable increased development speed and flow with our NAIS platform.
We will follow a code deployment through all it’s stages from development, deployment until running in one of our Kubernetes clusters and becoming available to you as a citizen as a part of the welfare services we provide to all of Norway.

#### 19:00 - 19:30 Networking, mingling and meetup end

Looking forward seeing you all there! 😸
❗️ Please only reply YES on the RSVP if you are actually coming.

### 🧑‍💼 Speakers

#### Raymond de Jong

Raymond de Jong is Field CTO for EMEA at Isovalent, the originators of the Cilium project, providing networking, observability, and security for cloud-native applications using eBPF. In this role, he is supporting and enabling customers and partners to be successful with Cilium in their mission-critical environments. Leveraging almost a decade of experience in Software Defined Networking he is passionate about learning customer use-cases and designing solutions to meet their requirements. When not working, Raymond enjoys playing tennis, riding bikes, gaming, and music playing the guitar or piano.

#### Hans Kristian

Hans Kristian is a Platform Engineering at the Norwegian Labour and Welfare Administration (NAV) responsible for the NAIS platform. NAIS is an application platform built to increase development speed by providing our developers at NAV with the best possible tools to develop and run their applications. Hans Kristian speak at various other local, and national, user groups and conferences about Open Source, Open Standards, and Cloud Native technologies.

📢 If you would like to speak at one of our future meetups, let us know by submitting a proposal to our [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/cncf-trondheim/) page

Commit message:

Add presentation by Hans Kristian

meetups/2023/november/README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Meetup with Isovalent, NAV, Sopra Steria and Microsoft

## Presentations

- [Unlocking Next-Gen Networking and Security with Cilium Service Mesh in Kubernetes Environments - Raymond de Jong](./Cloud-Native-Meetup-Oslo--Trondheim-Cilium-Service-Mesh.pdf)
- [Enabling 200 teams to make 1.600 deployments to production each week at the NAV - Hans Kristian](./NAIS-from-Localhost-to-Prod.pdf)

## Date and time

29th of November 2023, 17:00 - 19:30

## Location

Sopra Steria AS, Brattørkaia 17A · Trondheim

## Meetup description

### Details

We are excited to invite you to a Meetup with our friends from Isovalent, NAV, Sopra Steria and Microsoft.

This meetup is for anyone interested in Kubernetes and networking security. We will talk about technologies including Kubernetes, Cilium and eBPF.

Mark your calendars, spread the word, and get ready for an unforgettable Meetup. We look forward to seeing you there.

📍 The event will be hosted at Sopra Steria's offices at Brattørkaia

Due to some unforeseen circumstances, we've had to move both of the presentations to be held remotely.

But you're still welcome to come and attend the meetup and watch the presentations with us, eat some pizza and meet like minded people.

And a kind reminder to update your RSVP if you have changed your mind or can no long attend our meetup, so we know how much food and drinks to get.

### 📋 Meetup Agenda

#### 17:00 - 17:30 Doors open: pizza & beer

#### 17:30 - 18:15 Unlocking Next-Gen Networking and Security with Cilium Service Mesh in Kubernetes Environments - Raymond de Jong

This talk dives deep into Cilium Service Mesh, exploring its unique eBPF-based architecture for enhancing networking, observability, and security in Kubernetes clusters. Attendees will gain practical insights into Cilium's capabilities and how to deploy it in production environments.

#### 18:15 - 18:30 Short break

#### 18:30 - 19:00 Enabling 200 teams to make 1.600 deployments to production each week at the NAV - Hans Kristian

In this talk we dig deep on how NAV is enabling their 200 product development teams to deploy continuously and at any time of the week to production to enable increased development speed and flow with our NAIS platform.
We will follow a code deployment through all it’s stages from development, deployment until running in one of our Kubernetes clusters and becoming available to you as a citizen as a part of the welfare services we provide to all of Norway.

#### 19:00 - 19:30 Networking, mingling and meetup end

Looking forward seeing you all there! 😸
❗️ Please only reply YES on the RSVP if you are actually coming.

### 🧑‍💼 Speakers

#### Raymond de Jong

Raymond de Jong is Field CTO for EMEA at Isovalent, the originators of the Cilium project, providing networking, observability, and security for cloud-native applications using eBPF. In this role, he is supporting and enabling customers and partners to be successful with Cilium in their mission-critical environments. Leveraging almost a decade of experience in Software Defined Networking he is passionate about learning customer use-cases and designing solutions to meet their requirements. When not working, Raymond enjoys playing tennis, riding bikes, gaming, and music playing the guitar or piano.

#### Hans Kristian

Hans Kristian is a Platform Engineering at the Norwegian Labour and Welfare Administration (NAV) responsible for the NAIS platform. NAIS is an application platform built to increase development speed by providing our developers at NAV with the best possible tools to develop and run their applications. Hans Kristian speak at various other local, and national, user groups and conferences about Open Source, Open Standards, and Cloud Native technologies.

📢 If you would like to speak at one of our future meetups, let us know by submitting a proposal to our [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/cncf-trondheim/) page
